Add explanation about NodePort hostname verification to FAQ (#1342)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/book/faq.adoc

cluster, it might indicate that due to some error the lock was not properly released. In such cases it is recommended to
restart the cluster operator.

=== Hostname verification fails when connecting to NodePorts using TLS

> Off cluster access using NodePorts with enabled TLS encryption currently does not support TLS hostname verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, off-cluster access using NodePorts with TLS encryption enabled does not support TLS hostname verification.
```

> As a result, the clients which verify the hostname will fail to connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, the clients that verify the hostname will fail to connect.
```

> For examle the Java client will fail with following exception:

Reviewer 2: Typo "example"

> For example the Java client will fail with following exception:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the Java client will fail with the following exception:
```

[source,java]
Caused by: java.security.cert.CertificateException: No subject alternative names matching IP address 168.72.15.231 found
    at sun.security.util.HostnameChecker.matchIP(HostnameChecker.java:168)
    at sun.security.util.HostnameChecker.match(HostnameChecker.java:94)
    at sun.security.ssl.X509TrustManagerImpl.checkIdentity(X509TrustManagerImpl.java:455)
    at sun.security.ssl.X509TrustManagerImpl.checkIdentity(X509TrustManagerImpl.java:436)
    at sun.security.ssl.X509TrustManagerImpl.checkTrusted(X509TrustManagerImpl.java:252)
    at sun.security.ssl.X509TrustManagerImpl.checkServerTrusted(X509TrustManagerImpl.java:136)
    at sun.security.ssl.ClientHandshaker.serverCertificate(ClientHandshaker.java:1501)
    ... 17 more

> In odrer to connect, you have to disable the hostname verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect, you must disable hostname verification.
```

> In the Java client you can do it using the configuration option `ssl.endpoint.identification.algorithm`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Java client, you can do this by setting the configuration option `ssl.endpoint.identification.algorithm` to an empty string.
```

> To disable hostname verification, set this option to empty string.

Reviewer: Suggest removing this sentence.

> When configuring the client using properties file, it can be done like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring the client using a properties file, you can do it this way:
```

[source,properties]
ssl.endpoint.identification.algorithm=

> When configuring the client directly in Java, set it to empty string:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring the client directly in Java, set the configuration option to an empty string:
```
